README.md, before:

# C# Learning Repository

Welcome to my C# learning repository! This space is dedicated to testing and saving code snippets and programs as I navigate through the fascinating world of C# and .NET frameworks.

## Purpose

The main objective of this repository is to serve as a personal archive of my C# journey, housing the knowledge I acquire along the way. While it's currently a private repository, feel free to explore the code and use it if you find it helpful. Your feedback is highly appreciated!

## Software

To edit any c# project file you will need a proper software, personally I use Visual Studio and JetBrain's Rider for console apps. 
To edit markdown notes use obsidian app, can be found under the obsidian.md url. It is a free note-taking program that I use. Beside the fact that markdown can be basically open with any IDE, obsidian provides many features and addons that other IDE may not understand and thus the content won't be displayed properly.

## Contributions

If you come across any issues or improvements in the code, don't hesitate to create a pull request. I value your input, and explaining the changes will not only help me understand but also contribute to the learning experience.

## Portfolio

This repository will eventually transform into a portfolio, showcasing my growing proficiency in C#. I look forward to sharing my progress and the skills I've honed through various projects.

## Learning Resources

I'm actively learning C# from different platforms, including:
- [Microsoft Learn](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/users/mateuszpodeszwa/)
- [Codecademy](https://www.codecademy.com/profiles/MateuszPodeszwa)
- YouTube

Feel free to check out my profiles on these platforms to track my progress!

## Contact

For more information or to get in touch, feel free to reach out via [GitHub](https://github.com/MateuszPodeszwa).

Happy coding!

Commit message:

Updated README.md with task information

README.md, after:

# Challenge: The Magic Cannon

Skorin, a member of Consola'''s wall guard, has constructed a magic cannon that
draws power from two gems: a fire gem, and an eletric gem. Every third turn of a 
crank, the fire gem actiavtes, and the cannon produces a fire blast. 

The electric gem activates every fifth turn of the crank, and the cannon makes an 
elecric blast. When the two line up, it generates a potent combined blas. Skorin 
would like your help to produce a program that can warn the crew about which turns 
of the crank will produce the different blasts before they do it.

A partial output of the desired program looks like this:

```markdown
1: Normal
2: Normal
3: Fire
4: Normal
5: Electric
6: Fire
7: Normal
```

## Objectives

1. Write a program that will loop through the values between 1 and 100 and display what kind of blast the crew should expect. (the % operator may be used).
2. Change the colour of the output based on the type of blast. (For example, red for fire, yellow for electric, blue for electric and fire).
